Our team worked in a structured and efficient way. We organized our meetings into 2 categories and 3 sessions, tasks discussion and commit/merge. Our final decision on any pull request would be viewed and checked by every teammate. A few tools that we used to structuralize the group are google doc, to record the meeting; multiple discord channels,to separate and categorize between topics and usage (e.g: meetings, ideas, etc); and poker planning app to evenly distribute the story points. 
By way of discussion, and vote, most decisions can be peacefully made for the project. If someone disagrees with the decision, the person can state out the reason or give a solution that they themselves think would be more suitable for the project. Then we repeat the cycle again until all teammates agree with the final outcome. 
Again, by using poker planning all stories would be given out evenly. If someone wants a certain task, they may exchange the task with a story that has the same points. The average vote takes around 1-2 times. If we still can't come to a consensus, we break the story into smaller pieces or find another story to substitute.
We decided to do a group pairing on some tasks checks. For example, if someone is confident about the task then the person who owns the tasks may choose whether they want their teammate to invigilate and guide them through the process on working days. Our group chose to meet up 3 times a week so we have enough time to finish the tasks but also get the support and help from teammates on a regular basis. 
So far, our team has been working perfectly and still going strong. The lessons we learned and would be taking to the next phase is to be open minded and always speak up if there's any questions or concerns. Thus, this not only clears up the worries and doubts but also improves us as a group and the entire project.
